DOC-3105: Low-Cost Fixed Plan and DOC-3107: Add that 7.2 is available in us-east-1 to November changelog (#2948)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/changelog/november-2023.md

Title: Redis Cloud changelog (November 2023)
linktitle: November 2023
description: New features, enhancements, and other changes added to Redis Cloud during November 2023.
highlights: New Fixed plans, Redis 7.2 Fixed region support
weight: 74
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: []
---

## New features

### New Fixed plans

> Redis is updating our [fixed subscriptions]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription">}}) on Redis Cloud. These plans offer increased capacity at lower prices compared to legacy plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis is updating our [Fixed subscriptions]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription">}}) on Redis Cloud. These plans offer increased capacity at lower prices compared to legacy plans.
```

> See [Fixed plan subscription tiers]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription#fixed-plan-subscription-tiers">}}) to see an updated list of all Fixed plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Fixed plan subscription tiers]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription#fixed-plan-subscription-tiers">}}) for an updated list of all Fixed plans.
```

### Redis 7.2 Fixed region support

> You can now use Redis 7.2 on [fixed subscriptions]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription">}}) in `us-east-1` on Amazon Web Services. New fixed subscriptions created in `us-east-1` will be created with Redis 7.2, and existing subscriptions will continue with Redis 6.2.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
You can now use Redis 7.2 on [Fixed subscriptions]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/create-fixed-subscription">}}) in `us-east-1` on Amazon Web Services. New Fixed subscriptions created in `us-east-1` will use Redis 7.2, and existing subscriptions will continue to use Redis 6.2.
```
